All right,
I am walking through the requested
changes and additions to the brandpoint.
com homepage that we reviewed together.
So at the top I would like a top NAV
added that is sticky and stays at the
very top.
So as you scroll you can still see our
logo.
Across the top NAV I want it to have our
brand point logo and then the next are
links. The first is who we are,
next who we work with, next blog,
next is editorial content library.
And lastly,
contact us and I would like contact us to
have the orange button treatment like the
other CTAs. All right,
the changes on the top fold.
I have included an updated map in an
e-mail I'm sending you, Jake,
to replace the one on the right.
After that,
please add another section underneath it
that I will send you copy to put in there
or you can put Lorem Ibsen for me.
That is just where our longer value prop
will go in the trusted by nation's top
brands and agencies.
I included a zip file.
File to all of the logos we want there.
That is the PR agency logo,
not the public,
but the different brands and agencies.
After that the distribution packages
remove the prices.
And then remove the most popular button
on the signature plus.
Otherwise that one should be good to go.
After that change meet Brandpoint
optimize.
I will be including the logo there to use
instead of the font.
That one is good to go.
Measure your AI visibility over time.
Right before that add a new lorem ips in
place for another quote.
I will provide the copy once this is in
drafts.
In the AI visibility chart on the left,
the image there there's a Gray line that
says weighted average across AI
visibility, conversation,
depth and competitive ranking.
Please replace that text with generated
by Brandpoint Intelligence proprietary
formula.
Scrolling down, this is looking good.
I will include images for these three
sections, specialty, pub,
specialty format,
amplification that we can replace with
actual designed imagery.
And then after that section and before
the CR work in action section,
we want a another logo reel of our
publishers and that one will read trusted
by no,
that one will read Premium Publisher
Network.
Network and then I will include the logos
for that Sierra work in action.
I would like that with the image on the
left hand side.
I have provided an image for that in an
e-mail,
but you can just put a placeholder.
And then I like the contact and then at
the bottom we want a footer.
Please mimic the brandpoint.com footer,
but in this new look and feel and maybe
make the font smaller and not italicized.
What I would like is on the left our logo,
our address and our contact information.
And then the links will be to careers,
blog, free resources, contact us,
editorial, content,
our LinkedIn and privacy policy.
And then please include a copyright 2026
frame point.
The end.